---
num: "h03"
desc: "Peer-Teaching Prep"
ready: true 
assigned: 2020-01-24 15:30:00.00-8:00
due: 2020-01-31 15:30:00.00-8:00
---


During lecture 3, we practiced explaining concepts within a relatively short time frame (3 - 5 mins). This assignment builds on that exercise and is in preparation for Lecture 4. So, complete the assignement before we meet in lecture.

## Learn a technical topic

Choose a technical topic that you found difficult to explain during our in class activity last week. The topic can be anything related to the course that you are tutoring.

Use the resources provided by your instructor and any other resources that you find online to learn the topic well.


## Teach the topic to your peers

In class on Friday you will teach what you learned to one other student in your group.  You will have about 30 minutes for your teaching session.  You should come prepared with the following:

* A clearly defined topic that you will teach.  What do you want your "student" to be able to know and do at the end of the session? 

* Select a set of problems that you will solve or use as examples to teach that topic. Incorporate those examples into your explanations.

* Explanations including visual aids (could be drawings on paper, or images printed or on your computer, or just the same material that helped you learn it, which you will explain more fully) that will help you teach the topic to your student

* At least one exercise or set of problems or review questions that your "student" will perform or answer at the end of your session.  You will use this to test how well they understood what you taught them, but it is also part of the learning itself.


## Submission
Submit your teaching materials as a single pdf on gradescope.
Acknowledgements: ERSP Peer Teaching Assignment
